# 2025 March 06 - Meeting notes

## Attendees
    - Melissa Strong
    - Dafydd
    - David I.
    - David Murphy
    - Shane Lee

## Agenda and notes

- **Welcome any newcomers**

- **Announcements**

- **Meeting items for discussion.**
    - Discussed Salt Team move from Tanzu to VCF division at Broadcom
        - Benefit of move, will be VCF pushing for 3008 and salt-extensions to reduce footprint of Salt being
          used by VCF software

- **Discussion of next steps with this working group.**

## Next steps

- Next meeting is March 20th 2025.

## Notable links

- https://github.com/orgs/salt-extensions/projects/5
- https://github.com/saltstack/community
- https://extensions.saltproject.io/
- https://github.com/saltstack/salt/pull/65971
- https://github.com/saltstack/great-module-migration
- https://github.com/orgs/salt-extensions/repositories
- https://github.com/saltstack/community/tree/master/working_groups
- https://salt.tips/whats-new-in-salt-chlorine/
