# 2025 April 17 - Meeting notes

## Attendees
  - Shane Lee (@twangboy)
  - Alexander Graul
  - Daffyd
  - Max Arnold

## Agenda and notes

- **Welcome any newcomers**

- **Announcements**
  - New Project Board
    https://github.com/orgs/salt-extensions/projects/6
  - CI/CD Status in Salt

## Projects and Status

## Meeting items for discussion
- Salt promised to remove Salt Supported modules to Salt extensions. Since that
  is no longer happening, we need to let people know
  - Salt-Users group (google groups)
  - Salt-Announce Group (google groups)
  - Discord Channels
  - Blog
  - Salt Announce Mailing List
- Copier script is well documented
  - Alexander reported an issue with it, he is discussing that on Discord
- Modules that were removed have left some fragments (utils)
- Modules that should maybe be brought back into core

## Action Items
- Shane: Follow up with JeanLuc about the copier template... is it done?
- Shane: Follow up with Salt Core team about removing fragments, bring modules
  back in to Salt core
- Shane: Creating Stubs in Salt Docs for removed code
- Shane: Announce we're not going to remove salt supported extensions for now
         (See above)

- Next meeting is May 1, 2025.

## Notable links

- https://github.com/orgs/salt-extensions/projects/5
- https://github.com/saltstack/community
- https://extensions.saltproject.io/
- https://github.com/saltstack/salt/pull/65971
- https://github.com/saltstack/great-module-migration
- https://github.com/orgs/salt-extensions/repositories
- https://github.com/saltstack/community/tree/master/working_groups
- https://github.com/orgs/salt-extensions/projects/6
- https://salt.tips/whats-new-in-salt-chlorine/
